The Machine learning model performes very good with a an accuracy of xx.x% and an recall of xx.x% on the test data set. It is really important to understand the nature of machine learning models when using the trained model with new data. When prediciting the claim status of videos that are new to the model, the performance rates will differ to the scored rates in the test dataset. That means that new datasets can be predicted incorrectly more frequently. That can be due to the sample data set that is given for this project which is not representative for the entire population of video creator. For example lets assume that the sample data of 20000 reports is from the year 2022 and at this time only people with age of 18 or older could upload videos. But now in 2023 the policy changed and everyone with age 12 or older can upload videos. The population of video creator changed and the sample is not representative anymore. 
The model can be used to determine wether a video contains claims or opinions. Either the model can be used on videos that are being reported or on all videos at given interval (i.e. every day) until the video has been checked a certain number of times. The second option ensures prevention of reports due to regular automated claim checks by the model. That would decrease the backlog of reports even more. This automated claim check algorithm is a possible next step and must be developed further based on this idea. 
My recommendation is to use the model to check incoming reports first and if the backlog is still to overloaded then I recommend to develop the automated claim check algorithm to further reduce the backlog of reports. 